# dual-prostr-rs
Somewhat more complex pronounceable string generator in Rust; no more than two vowels or consonants may follow each other.

## Example output
```
$ dual_prostr 
peuboave

$ for i in $(seq 1 1000); do dual_prostr; done | column
rquo            njaajvu         lipee           oinni           lvefc           uloodsuum
etrei           eixpaabr        iaghu           egrael          czeime          vee
onuxpi          oixo            eahcaaq         bweiko          hovuut          igelour
mavvoiv         vzeenx          jaeczaih        oojkoiv         qpucuok         ebiir
benkale         aixoa           mzoacn          eorqe           eonon           sixaigh
apakun          lwuaqfu         liorb           uelumih         ooqoom          qeeko
metiibgeu       oxgafee         oopu            tefbu           qvaewnuat       abtene
paivopu         xoqrux          kaocn           setor           afouliv         ufezpuo
gkixivi         cau             ojviunuaj       zovxaowa        uufdav          gtiocee
taosno          holao           ocukgeva        vxiimo          amzaog          nqeemfu
gwoge           vripuwli        hguupluo        icbaos          tfunak          jjoiba
kubci           nauca           tosaefue        uijpei          aotbaufa        hoij
fiupivh         oamnez          uevh            peowgau         ugadtem         ougcix
eoglan          cuocuuza        ziilrepae       ouhaq           iemrao          ugiik
iuviejewr       ueliof          izrizud         uazqun          eoxeek          ottiru
pbiax           lcohi           fxeant          amoebsin        epiqeup         igfaivi
xtoowwe         dijho           ohcaugd         oive            ietiwxef        oheamo
ecjicv          uoruox          sadfim          ivm             aulierm         eavaibr
dpotpu          ooheot          urtuofo         xavoano         teuciiv         vatpoe
tsaunb          rguajke         usviqioqi       eimlo           zdiod           taco
nic             ajesuon         idefm           quda            acalib          jcuquu
abouvti         iamlab          npewo           gesawa          uexru           btearu
uck             wsukqe          maotuuw         ragvacpie       xtoo            ibedaw
piloass         cbizc           chuegon         aagoxh          vepvoq          xnoobhie
jmeocoj         vjez            rasbibv         prooda          meagaoqno       aoni
eowaag          oareute         cuopbuu         ifpehxiem       atsoodr         ffafi
euzseo          fgissu          oowti           uupuigdi        augjajm         oenaplezi
oavji           mihouvq         coclopsa        oeraqloj        huxsubz         luuqpek
mlimo           sfoe            ojiohnepg       zacoaz          eagso           oakoutha
mviliitc        ocumzot         seesabl         gkiajke         edomue          piohbux
oulcil          balniisu        seqoe           ihbah           vilji           oweobro
tjupos          iojazno         kiij            kqipo           bnoava          xreakie
eimruu          uawmo           omeptig         dauqo           pweenduq        aujofk
oupivo          ilqufuuk        aajjumerv       sel             biamas          jae
egdaukh         eenfeuc         xoaguuwl        wuxwo           mainubhi        tujao
mlifaasix       cerehd          audbouhg        rropa           gfoarbu         sqeagoa
eugnian         iahlibe         eibfoeg         posvoo          oroqqaa         ovegcux
vbepeam         ookw            baumhir         uimca           nawoovj         obfuur
fxefiok         oza             ojefge          iruizsu         eelzuaza        jjanuk
noguive         oozembe         iitot           eulalno         hdoovo          tzaunm
vailje          iupxe           xguf            iizreq          rai             ziucauk
uamceec         uhoa            gannu           lunaipk         cedia           ehcu
aedt            arxielc         baosf           aeztacee        gjof            gigpa
esvolm          arjaid          lwapdocw        ooxajde         oufao           lhijlit
izohfol         tdotv           agau            iticv           maokxo          iwno
casiot          auhwaec         buapo           zduo            ejzai           zuphiri
aedhui          itijp           mvezawca        ssuonpa         peagiod         knoiwm
ifmitdo         juarzo          heotid          oasiko          vdimuos         ifuer
qbozz           befoomi         oaggiu          rjapm           oovgeko         evwa
bewvo           ohaxmu          owatzi          zmoovgao        dkitairu        elarqi
otieq           euvuoxb         iapgie          putde           fero            afiqaoj
eahco           eunsie          oudmu           oqgoacv         uthakfa         advook
iuhl            ecoalo          iviopou         uursa           kgaof           uojw
tiicek          lzoher          teji            autirut         ouva            lozal
aakoes          edic            mga             oesoe           iereo           uonkuef
ien             vbuucd          oewoer          coednavu        ocei            igzash
uucuabh         nzeg            iece            ucuopo          mtouw           ugo
ebie            wef             qiureviuz       iisomd          gxoih           guajowx
lnajii          ppoqkec         naihuu          epboag          iitioxeh        xhavooh
ituajiij        csiugoxnu       auzpii          uasigju         eipwee          aicsia
dumbo           uzaimkak        osoemos         iahso           ewoutf          cufeahos
ijiejq          juwouhje        weone           zviuki          eedge           biiduku
mdaowh          hkuseep         baaddac         eri             cxizbeig        eadukko
ezdoug          aoqmem          vuiz            ogabq           uwuog           gxui
haaxall         cvaovra         biaxals         ivgiz           spitfi          xgevow
wetpuuf         eomxu           iwigx           lvuoh           bahlux          gcoi
ejectu          ugdaca          okcu            udqeak          umoscui         aivrok
ewemco          aefoivpo        roilfeu         xfoxbuu         detge           jetaxn
utfiibpei       pexce           exabu           eledtu          rixreq          dzalgomoo
aamqu           oixw            piva            zqakgag         ijgawoev        ejaigt
tzila           uusrez          uekjim          agbohji         urnieds         axto
uboawn          oozcom          epobfa          uaf             soggeov         jrozoxs
ialoa           ziafpo          iacio           otwi            uowwop          ulfaisi
ipra            djurv           oezeih          soagne          iisdohqoe       zikiqvu
eadaogo         oefufvo         dajazdo         hwabue          cciam           rjeuc
vta             ubogie          paiqlowa        euxafvo         rupupu          udruufo
rjaip           bauwxaud        upro            bbebgixc        bupxuugn        iijiqu
rebbe           oceapieqa       kazpotut        zaed            akewc           ixvep
iirtaiq         puelab          oejoo           eihko           oipx            ialma
awxadiov        euvmenx         ungiarn         qamhod          axaz            eesie
bvaog           eiwuc           hkouno          aotju           aimutuo         aulxen
ealulri         igtiem          uuw             awaif           feeneliih       smedv
lpauv           iargai          whujni          iadehee         eossaupl        fcoixdea
euwo            psiawpau        iilakruu        pohoif          xdaumuk         mujsiak
vnua            fbeaqo          qloci           cwaezg          oodiap          eozcoc
iedjuuqi        opagu           hliqios         aagmif          ibopk           aukize
wawanv          iehze           fiomc           oepeug          qvarzo          vuobhoup
oozuoqi         wjawuz          zwoqd           jrajku          eemu            dkew
iotujvo         rwain           ezeu            iox             gxabz           ikfeufu
aess            kiehad          sboeml          jixsam          esegbo          ziadfu
kcuejuk         vaiwc           kbiipsub        affeizzes       wirke           ugeikqo
asvouti         gadahik         uogaus          aabo            lliojxo         tjawfov
psawi           iacfi           uuqgef          ujkauvxi        tukaa           dmazal
mmaov           xnokdioj        eonj            irufge          aogien          ugii
bruxg           aoqk            tixcama         ihulv           jmaoxxele       auhawnei
qiavaw          beepja          iaqog           pue             astuxaa         imafos
zerurjih        oitg            seadeso         peopoubiw       uixuu           leubs
miwur           jatuwed         afxues          iuwfa           oazcea          kzioji
flaoju          kjuegci         saudo           oefosui         dfulz           tjoluzm
ooweiz          bfiegiezq       eeteabq         koaj            wuidraoju       ienhei
wuewh           qelie           aonueg          aovve           wzetf           oacij
pupna           wutenqul        iodta           ulexcu          uublaek         jilos
oolwu           easmi           duha            iopj            abeviluu        mhuex
xunn            euho            aefupu          svuecew         izeakiro        xifwu
soublexux       uavhiaxqa       huuqko          iestaut         osqiah          geniz
rciamace        uukbauw         gfeiz           izcil           gaerhefgo       dkoictaj
gopwuac         oorxil          fiedku          dootviu         zbulaiw         zoicu
pxeijuf         reaqdui         cgeuvu          ulioqae         oeko            nejw
hrihta          ifmote          biocdiemi       tucxe           otaitd          ceipwo
eipooda         fbufea          thumauwwe       oziagq          ecr             olaet
jaint           kiodw           eabia           ltuwqeem        uekaodes        iqidoac
uhfaoho         ijmahsuu        eruusoim        zomaw           vfatii          rqum
bmuxges         ssuuv           mdipehp         zfaip           jiehput         pxapmae
arqasatci       eaquod          watlij          vebda           dpodiwg         kifaudf
hhia            oemha           iofq            havovu          oodkocd         aanu
unoul           mahakwaug       leaquuwa        laems           oehba           enauwru
oocovit         zia             ugbug           hagnad          uesiuw          ouktu
hodo            bgaewneuf       xaxoijo         ezein           acaebzi         nmifuu
augkuuk         ovpiw           eikous          ricu            oujxa           tifutqe
druatna         kcuadz          imu             adkapia         oqmou           jwiasroa
lpefgii         uras            ohkooga         oezat           tuims           mjosjaq
tvivfe          uaqaamc         eaqwebab        dihou           cdohqok         adjiok
avraafziu       iruo            azokusv         bunu            eveulcu         fduozvi
fabboes         qivuemio        uleekv          aipa            tagl            kafoaml
noris           eatkowoh        siulioh         qgeawa          wexpuo          jpi
miizua          wmiwe           xfiozr          aiqigeo         duzoufe         vwocaf
uacianogc       ujxa            ukogt           ejlue           emmoceexr       oabae
paafj           jooqiomp        mura            uonxag          uawjouw         hnihxief
uqwesi          lada            psou            iavadx          rgix            tutegqe
lailig          ciabiuc         vauca           itousom         oabuwg          guziwufhi
tuaqxi          klouxi          aivesae         sfubeuzp        hxehozto        wkoixmu
xezumnaa        oedlo           dcac            wuomsoe         qdooqie         vanj
hiewow          taqcia          xiiluak         iijzubie        awietia         keed
ixsura          oxiot           obquxiu         huovouh         ahiifqul        uegqaem
uofbofs         avidq           aetiifai        eegoevoas       undoufu         dogeore
uosvua          bbevumoo        aimeci          aopiugqug       oejwas          keehmi
jfifiif         slihse          jiwei           zafex           numua           cujehf
zjiar           uheezi          nbiifebug       kcuene          jqeqviuw        eloogios
zzoeq           peezwa          puiwobor        aofuu           ionqee          niirmu
uafiufm         gzume           suxabij         uiseowp         akneuv          aiddu
arpewa          uuvsiz          holwost         gjatq           keajcih         nsomufba
oesi            cnuapr          igiab           beednub         owudeme         ueppa
catzov          eocne           nexir           fitozu          audeuvon        xfuugeab
oiwzuso         uifuuj          afgeiv          oaliec          ordehf          fosoir
iabarxi         oulfih          dutj            tdovi           uerauloo        bnisqak
uriaqerh        lgoexui         tiniihv         xmumta          vdiuja          pcahoj
lcageg          ofowao          urfuvr          lekaaku         oletiglu        qgev
nacuuji         kiu             qahf            uamfojz         ews             jovmu
ngex            hoesa           vouqb           ipoevf          zqeat           oilci
jmeu            cuuqsig         oolei           dhiloc          vofhu           eewniduu
xiekiq          nnind           kaelafwi        meor            siquhia         iiqqike
lrigetki        efu             kaxim           cxanoegw        uhsuajuo        iejtu
kxutosoke       ziuff           ariavnux        xiipq           eti             alfei
rpaejbe         uizpe           wece            toext           zurxoo          qtiuvhire
gpoiwhi         aveke           iazebpez        cfaa            iivaku          weoviofa
dwugc           ajaiqlo         bviinuuh        iikiel          viucrodr        iukki
piuwnur         idjia           czeosoi         xjai            ogqanua         iwarozf
iakoobq         dap             xseef           lujool          itiafeo         ixacaus
ioxge           vfocicoq        giomvemt        aiqvuw          uiwki           bsec
aarecw          hpudh           hixofeo         koafg           geusqah         aedbi
gcefcu          mjote           uij             uwefaaf         vnizf           iajc
vuegaji         aurodw          zixn            aaboaw          eoxuveg         tcuex
euxak           zuwod           ucom            igxuika         ubfuzf          mribepit
acsaujqe        oulabav         nlir            jeor            ifauwoq         zkusoj
ncolh           uecur           kevin           ecesl           hquekz          algeh
oetruawla       vqeqaje         uzexcut         gaefqaa         uekazeve
pneadq          ztulvux         uox             uojeeh          sajro
```
